Weather Forecast!
[all gasp]
[Father Pucchi]
When did you steal it?
Was it just now when you got
blown away by Jolyne's punch?
You must return it.
Give it back to me
this instant.
You cannot comprehend
the forces
with which you are meddling in.
Do you finally remember
everything now, Pucchi?
Look up there. It's coming.
[all gasp]
Those rainbows, look at
them all. It's Heavy Forecast!
[Versus] The Devil's Rainbow!
[suspenseful music]
Weather, what's your deal?
[Anastasia] What are you doing?
[Weather groans]
[grunts]
What was that for?
Yo! Answer me.
I was sitting in that seat,
you know.
Get your disgusting hands off
me, you asshole. I'll kill you!
[man gasping]
Excuse me, sir.
That bench is reserved
for patients at this hospital--
[groans]
I don't give a damn
who it's for.
If you really want him
to sit so badly...
[doctor gargling]
...then how about you
take the bench's place
and let him sit his ass on you.
-[gargles, chokes]
-[both screaming]
Weather! What are you doing?
This guy isn't our enemy.
He's just a random doctor.
[doctor gargles]
[Weather] Why don't you
plop down on that,
you fractured bastard?
[scoffs]
I'm feeling a lot better now.
[Anastasia] Hey, hang on.
Where the hell
are you going, Weather?
Weather?
Who do you think you are?
So Weather Forecast
is my new name.
Uh... uh...
Ah well, I don't really have
a problem with it.
[Narciso] What's up with him
all of a sudden?
It's almost as if...
he's a completely
different person!
[theme music]
[Versus] It's the rainbows!
[gasps]
Here they come. The rainbows
are getting closer.
[ominous music]
Jolyne, we don't have time
to hesitate.
-Things aren't looking good.
-[gasps]
I'll finish you
with one last blow!
[both gasp]
[suspenseful music]
[bubbling]
-Huh. My arm! What the hell?
-Ermes?
Uh, yeah, what just happened?
-Am I seeing things?
-It's only gonna get worse.
Sure, you guys are in trouble,
but you're not the only ones.
Bastard! When did you...?
You should take this
as a warning.
Whatever happens,
don't touch the rainbows.
Father Pucchi
tried to stop all this.
These are
Weather Forecast's rainbows.
Weather's Stand has the ability
to control the weather.
[gasps]
[Versus] Do you understand
what that means?
Now that his memories
have been returned to him,
he could even destroy the ozone
layer if he wanted to.
Do you get it? The ozone layer
is way up there in the sky.
Do you know what will happen
if Weather decides
to mess with it?
All I know is we'd be
totally screwed.
Everybody will die.
-Everybody!
-[both gasp]
It was a huge gamble,
but I'm going to use Weather
Forecast to my advantage
so that I can continue to live.
What the hell did you do?
Was my arm melted because
of the destroyed ozone layer?
Answer us! Are you saying
that these rainbows mean
Weather Forecast
has his memory back?
It's his subconscious.
[Ermes and Jolyne gasp]
Weather Forecast's Stand
sometimes functions
unconsciously.
The climate can be quite
a difficult thing to control.
So there are instances
where it manifests on its own,
without him even noticing.
[both gasp]
The fact of the matter is,
he never should have had
his memories returned to him.
Now, listen.
In order to stop the rainbows,
you either need to kill Weather
or find a way to extract his
memories from him once more.
Although, I don't believe
you're capable of
taking Weather's life, Jolyne.
And if you cannot,
everyone here will die
before the new moon.
Well, that is everyone
except for me, of course.
[Father Pucci] I wouldn't let
Versus get away if I were you.
[grunting]
Versus is getting away
too, Jolyne!
[Stone Ocean] Ora!
Two women are down here!
-Officer!
Uh... Where are we?
The hole was this shallow?
[Ermes] He must have
deactivated Netherworld
when he ran off like a bitch.
[Jolyne grunting]
Hey! Which way?
Did you see two men
run from here?
Where'd they go?
Before that, hold on.
I've seen you two somewhere.
Your faces
were on some mugshots.
[gasps]
More rainbows. What's going on?
[Ermes] They're outside too.
Hey!
[bubbling]
What the...?
[officer] Don't move!
You ladies
are the escaped prisoners!
[both growl]
[bubbling]
[both groaning]
[in distorted voice]
Hold it right there.
Hey! Get back here!
[kids screaming]
Kids, don't touch
those rainbows!
Don't even go anywhere
near them, okay?
Uh, hey, Jolyne.
[gasps]
[ominous suspenseful music]
[people groaning]
[in slow deep voice]
This is terrible.
[patient in slow deep voice]
How terrible.
[kids screaming]
Unbelievable!
What is this phenomenon?
When you touch those rainbows,
snails come out of your body!
[Jolyne]
Weather Forecast was able to
make frogs rain down
from the sky
during a freak storm once.
But this situation
is nothing like that.
What does this have to do
with Weather's ability
to control the weather?
And how does it connect
to this bizarre phenomenon?
On top of that,
there's something
really strange
about the people
who have snails on them.
It's like they're zombies!
[in distorted voice]
Get away!
[snarls]
[grunts]
-[ceiling cracking]
-[both] Huh?
-[crashing]
-[officers screaming]
This shit is fucked.
[Jolyne] Ermes, careful!
-[Jolyne gasps]
-[babbling]
Jolyne! Are you okay?
Yeah.
But you know, Ermes.
It could be that Stand Users
have a higher tolerance
to this phenomenon
than everyday people.
So Jolyne,
which one of them
are we going after first?
Who will be the first to get
their ass handed to them?
Is Weather Forecast
our new enemy,
or rather,
are we gonna continue
tracking down Father Pucchi?
Who exactly are we supposed
to be fighting here?
[gasps]
This new Weather Forecast
who has his memories back.
He's our enemy, isn't he?
No way!
Weather Forecast is an ally.
He's not an enemy!
But Versus still is.
Didn't you hear the priest?
He said not to let Versus
get away.
Digging up the past
is his Stand's ability.
[Jolyne] He might be able to
excavate Weather's memory disc,
and put an end
to this rainbow apocalypse!
[Ermes] All right, I see.
But if we wanna
catch up to him,
we've gotta find our way
out of this hospital first.
[suspenseful music]
Hmm?
Hey!
Where are you going, Weather?
Are you headed toward
the direction of
Jolyne or something?
Huh?
[annoyed grunt]
[Versus panting]
[Verus] I want it too.
No, I need it! Much more
than that damn priest.
Before he can get to it,
I have to get my hands
on the power to go to heaven.
And maybe then
I can finally be happy
like I've always wanted.
Now, there is only one thing
that I, Verus, need to do.
Dig there, Netherworld!
I found it.
I've excavated the memory
held in the ground
of them arriving
to the hospital.
Hey, Ermes.
Seeing as how we're closer
to tracking down Father Pucchi,
this would be the safest time.
We should do it now.
Huh?
Giving
the Speedwagon Foundation
the disc with
my father's memory.
It's our best bet
to give it to them
while I have
the priest's attention.
I have faith that Emporio
can handle it himself.
[Jolyne] Finally,
my dad will be back to normal.
So the friend who Jolyne Cujoh
was talking to
over the radio earlier
goes by the name Emporio.
I have to find him then.
Not even Father Pucchi
knew a thing
about this mystery person.
I haven't dug up
this Emporio guy's face yet,
so I don't know
what he looks like.
But thanks to all of this mess,
it's likely that
he hasn't had a chance
to meet with the foundation.
[Versus] And that means
he's still in possession
of Jotaro Kujo's disc.
And from what the priest
has told me,
he learned how to get to heaven
by reading said disc.
If I can get a hold of
that disc,
I'll be able to
go to heaven too!
And my only shot at it is while
these rainbows are still here.
Mark my words, I'm gonna make
Jotaro Kujo's disc mine!
[groans]
What the hell?
These things keep multiplying
and spreading out
all over the ground in layers!
[Ermes]
It's a giant snail orgy.
The freaks are procreating
one after another.
Here's a fun fact,
snails don't have a gender.
Whenever they pierce each other
with those tentacle things
on their heads,
they start popping out babies
all over the damn place.
Oh, good fucking grief.
So it's an organism
that can have sex with
anything it encounters, huh?
To be honest, I'm
a little jealous... [groans]
Nah-uh,
that's actually disgusting!
[Jolyne strains]
-Ermes!
-Yeah. Smack!
[thudding]
[grunts]
Stone Ocean!
Ora!
[shattering]
[soft grunt]
[Jolyne] Possessing
two abilities at once
is impossible.
Weather Forecast's ability
should only be
to control the weather.
But still, what is this?
What the hell
is going on right now?
[narrator] In ancient times,
what we know as oxygen
was created when
the first forms of plant life
sprang to existence
on our Earth.
When an additional oxygen atom
attaches to
the O2 oxygen molecule,
the gas becomes O3,
which is more commonly
referred to as the ozone.
Unlike oxygen,
ozone is quite dense.
It exists as a thick shell
roughly 20 to 25 kilometers
from the Earth's surface.
If, one day,
the ozone layer
were to be suddenly
destroyed completely,
what would happen to
all living things
that reside on planet Earth?
Humans are not capable of
predicting weather anomalies.
As a result, they can only work
with known data and hypothesize
about the weather using
past records and instances.
[snail people groaning]
Just keep looking.
Who the hell could they be?
Her friend has to be
somewhere nearby.
[Versus] I'll find the guy
and when I do,
I'll take it from him!
I can't let him give Jotaro's
disc to the foundation!
I have to look out for the ones
who are headed to the hospital.
Knowing that Jolyne
is still inside,
he wouldn't run away
like a coward.
The one who heads to
the hospital to help her
must be Emporio!
I have to keep my eye out
for someone
who's reacting differently
from everyone else.
Damnit!
I'm not gonna lose this time!
No! I'm gonna be happy
at the end of all this shit!
[Emporio panting]
Okay Jolyne, I wanna help you.
But first...
I have to get your dad's disc
into the hands
of the Speedwagon Foundation's
messenger! [panting]
[Emporio]
I made a promise to her
that I would keep
Jotaro's disc safe
no matter what, and that
should be my top priority.
When I called the foundation,
they said someone will be here
in five minutes!
[grunts]
Shit!
Seriously, what the hell?
There isn't a single person
making their way
to the hospital!
I thought finding him
was gonna be easy.
Whoever he is, he has
to be somewhere around here.
[gasps]
[grunts]
Huh?
[groans]
-[Emporio panting]
-[phone ringing]
Huh?
Hey, Jolyne. Is that you?
[groans]
[chuckles]
[Versus] Hey, I did it.
All thanks to Netherworld.
I should have just asked
the ground from the start.
With Jolyne's memories,
it was simple enough
to find Emporio's phone number.
That must be the phone he used
to tell Jolyne
which seats on the plane
were safe so she didn't die
in the crash.
I just had to dig up the number
from Jolyne's memory
and now I know the number too!
Ha. Still though, I wasn't
expecting him to be a kid.
[chuckles]
A kid that not even
the priest knows about.
Quite a surprise, huh?
Huh?
Wait, what? The disc isn't even
on his body.
And, where did the phone go?
I could have sworn
it was just in his hand!
Am I losing my mind?
Hold on, chill out.
I can find where he hid it
by excavating his memories
and learn what happened.
Oh, shit, fuck me.
They're coming this way!
[both panting]
Did Versus really
go this way, Jolyne?
Yeah.
I can sense his presence.
If I remember correctly, this
is the way Emporio went too.
That's weird.
Huh? Do you think
he could be after Emporio?
No, there's no way.
Emporio's a secret.
Neither Versus
nor the priest know of him.
[gasps]
-That body is...
-Emporio!
[tires screeching]
[groaning]
Not good. Dodge it!
[crashing]
[both groaning]
[Ermes coughing, groans]
[Ermes] This is gross.
These slimy bastards are
actually real snails.
They're so slippery.
And I don't think this freaky
shit is an illusion. Huh?
[gasps]
[groaning]
[screams]
Ermes, no!
[gasps, groans]
Jolyne,
don't you worry about me.
Just go after Emporio!
I saw him getting dragged
away too in that bush.
I don't know what Versus
is up to,
but he's definitely
after Emporio.
Stone Ocean!
[low eerie music]
Dammit.
Even the rope.
My body has become
as slow as a snail.
Emporio!
If you can hear me, grab a hold
of my rope and pull it!
-[football player] 45-60!
-[gasps]
[football player]
Hut, hut, hut!
Huh?
-[screams]
-Jolyne!
[chuckles]
Don't forget we're in Florida.
They love football here.
Why don't you go play some?
Hey, Jolyne Cujoh,
enjoy getting dragged
into the end zone.
No, the rope!
[Versus] You can't do anything
moving that slowly.
Bye. It'll take you a while
to get back over here.
Oh yeah, it's dangerous
if I touch these things too.
There's no mistake.
A moment ago,
he was still holding on to
the memory disc
of Jolyne's father.
But a split second later, the
disc vanished into thin air.
Is this Emporio's
Stand ability?
He's storing and extracting
items from somewhere.
That must be how he hid it.
But how do I find
where he's keeping the disc?
I'll take another look.
What?
Jolyne's gone, but where to?
She shouldn't be able to
move that fast
in her current condition.
-[Versus grunting]
-[cheering]
[clanging]
[ominous action music]
[gasping]
[grunts]
I can't freaking believe it.
She got him!
She rolled over to get close!
[Ermes] With her body
all soft and slimy right now,
she easily slid inside the
broken pipe to make her move.
Now she's gonna fuck you up!
Ora!
[Versus] Netherworld!
I'll admit, you surprised me
with that rolling stunt.
But with the state
you're currently in,
compared to my Netherworld,
you're basically powerless.
[grunts]
Meanwhile,
I dug up more memories.
Like the memory of the salt
from the evaporated seawater.
[Versus] After all,
if you wanna get rid of
slugs or snails,
salt is their
ultimate weakness!
[intense suspenseful music]
What?
[grunts]
[groaning]
[scoffs]
[Versus] Anyway, where is it?
I know Emporio is hiding the
disc somewhere on his person.
Does he have a secret pocket?
He's gotta be hiding it
inside of something.
[groaning]
Huh? Oh, I see.
Our Stands are rather similar.
So his Stand's ability
is storing the memories
of objects.
I actually did it!
Jotaro Cujoh's disc
belongs to me!
It's finally in my hands!
I won!
Now, with this, I'm one more
step closer to attaining
what Father Pucchi
has been searching for!
Jolyne!
[Jolyne]
I'm really sorry, Emporio.
If this was going to work,
I had to use you.
But I'll be able to
save everyone
because you touched me
and, luckily,
he touched you as well.
Now he's feeling the sensation
all at once...
[Versus groaning]
What's happening?
I can't move forward at all.
[intense action music]
[yelps]
[groaning]
Nice, you managed
to pin him down this time.
Way to go, Jolyne!
[whimpers]
Huh...
Emporio.
It's no use.
The Speedwagon Foundation's
courier is stuck,
so they're on standby
until they can get
closer to the city.
[Ermes] I see.
[zapping]
[engine starts]
[Ermes] Oh, nice hotwire.
You still got it,
former car thief.
Oh, come on, how many times
do I have to tell you?
I'm innocent regarding
that whole stolen car incident.
[Ermes]
I know, I'm just playing.
[Jolyne] You're gonna
be coming with us.
I wouldn't try running away
if I were you.
I couldn't even if I tried.
[pensive music]
Huh?
[Ermes] Where's the driver?
They were here before
and now the seat's empty.
But all that's left
are these shells.
Hmm. Even more shells.
Hold on. I think... I think
I'm starting to understand it.
[both] Huh?
Wow, Weather.
I don't know what you did to
cause these snails to show up,
or how it's even possible.
But now I'm starting
to get an idea
of how this phenomenon's
going to end.
It's their predators.
These bugs hunt down the snails
in order to feed on them.
[all grunt]
Naturally,
snails move slow as hell,
so being devoured
is how they usually go out.
So in situations like this one,
the bugs
crawl into their shells,
bite into their heads
and suck on their flesh.
And it's because of this
gruesome method of eating
that these bugs are known
as snail suckers!
[grunts]
[Anastasia] Yo, Weather.
I said to wait! Hey!
What's going on?
Is the one
who caused this madness you?
Weather! What the hell
do you think you're doing?
Shut your mouth, Anastasia.
[gaps]
[Weather]
That man,
he's heading closer to us
as we speak.
At this point, he's somewhere
within a 20-meter radius.
[gasps] By "he,"
do you mean the priest?
He's here.
My only reason
for continuing to live
is to settle the score with him
once and for all.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]